The only thing we have to set up here is the
budget allocation.
Keep in mind that we should have ten campaigns
in total, and we want to optimize across all
ten.
So we need to enable Predictive Budget Allocation
between multiple campaigns.
And for that, we need to create a budget pool,
so let’s do that by opening the link in
a separate tab.
Here in our library, we create a new budget
pool.
Then we give it a name.
We want to set up the Predictive Budget Allocation
to optimize towards conversions for “Landing
Page views”, and the budget is a fixed total.
Therefore, the pool will simply contain the
budget of all the campaigns we add.
And that’s it.
Now our budget pool is created.
So we need to save our campaign as a draft,
and then we can safely reload this tab and
select the budget pool we just created.
That’s it for the optimization.
In the Tracking tab, we need to update the
URL parameters according to the briefing.
Be sure to replace the % placeholders with
the # used by Smartly.io.
And now it’s time to create our campaign.
The campaign processing can take seconds to
minutes, so we’ll just have to wait that
out.
That’s it.
Our campaign is successfully created.
If we refresh the tab, we can see our ad sets
and ads.
As we can see, our ad sets are named after
the cities, and if we open them, we see our
ads named after the weather conditions.
One final thing to quality control is the
correct ad status.
We can do that in our campaign view.
What you are looking for is that not all your
ads have the same status.
For example, in Chicago, the “Rainy” ad
is enabled, while all the others are disabled.
Now you would be done with this exercise,
but here’s some bonus content: I’ll show
you how easy it would be to create the campaigns
for the other countries.
We just clone this campaign.
Use the initial state.
And adjust the country in the feed filtering.
Since we use a naming macro in the campaign
name, we don’t even have to touch that - it
updates automatically.
In this case, it changes to “United Kingdom”.
The other settings we don’t even have to
touch at all.
So we could hit the “Create Campaign”
button and repeat this process for the other
countries.
Once you’ve done the work for the first
campaign creating the additional ones is super
quick and easy.
And that concludes our exercise.
Thank you for watching.